README.md, before:

[简体中文文档](https://github.com/HoraceHuang-ui/MiHOYO-MiXED-Launcher/edit/main/README_CN.md)
# miHoYo miXED Launcher
By HoraceHyy
> Launch HoYoVERSE games in one place and analyze in-game player informations.

# Features
- [x] Launch `Genshin Impact`, `Honkai: Star Rail` and `Honkai Impact 3rd` in one place.
- [ ] `Zenless Zone Zero` to be supported.
- [x] Manually import customized game directories.
- [x] Multi-language support.
- [x] Analyze detailed player info for `Genshin Impact` and `Honkai: Star Rail` in a special card layout.
- [x] Keeps all UI elements of official launchers.
- [x] Automatically calculate and remind major game updates.

# Screenshots
<details>
  <summary>Click to expand</summary>
  
  - App main page, background image customizable (Pixiv @anna_drw01)

    <img width="500" src="https://github.com/HoraceHuang-ui/MiHOYO-MiXED-Launcher/assets/67905897/1a5f4c7e-47ca-4416-9839-09680da8f0e0"/>

  <p></p>

  - Genshin Impact launcher page

    <img width="500" src="https://github.com/HoraceHuang-ui/MiHOYO-MiXED-Launcher/assets/67905897/4bdffcb6-2f86-4302-b6df-d5152bc27a69"/>

  <p></p>

  - Genshin Impact player info
    
    <img width="500" src="https://github.com/HoraceHuang-ui/MiHOYO-MiXED-Launcher/assets/67905897/de6aefee-0e61-4e49-ab83-ca5468f0c300"/>

<p></p>

  - Honkai: Star Rail launcher page
    
    <img width="500" src="https://github.com/HoraceHuang-ui/MiHOYO-MiXED-Launcher/assets/67905897/439881fa-4a07-44fa-be28-c55d70fd8931"/>

<p></p>

  - Honkai: Star Rail player info
    
    <img width="500" src="https://github.com/HoraceHuang-ui/MiHOYO-MiXED-Launcher/assets/67905897/c7923cc0-7b8f-4b4f-aa5b-ec557a28acc0"/>

</details>

# Development
## Dependencies
```
pnpm i
```
## Debug
```
pnpm dev
```
## Build
```
pnpm build
```
## Notes
- This app checks updates via `GitHub API`, which will be automatically expired once it is uploaded publically in GitHub. Therefore, during development, please create a token yourself and place it in `Octokit.auth` inside `electron/main/index.ts`.
```ts
  const { Octokit } = require("@octokit/core")
  const octokit = new Octokit({
    auth: "<YOUR TOKEN HERE>"
  })
```
# Credits
- [electron-vite/electron-vite-vue](https://github.com/electron-vite/electron-vite-vue)
- [enkanetwork.js](https://github.com/Jelosus2/enkanetwork.js)
- [Mar-7th/MiHoMo API](https://march7th.xiaohei.moe/zh/resource/mihomo_api.html) | [Mar-7th/StarRailRes](https://github.com/Mar-7th/StarRailRes)

# Translation
- **English** @HoraceHuang-ui
- **简体中文** @HoraceHuang-ui
- **繁體中文** @HoraceHuang-ui *(Needs revision)*
  
Click the badge below to help translate miXeD to your language:

[![Crowdin](https://badges.crowdin.net/mihoyo-mixed-launcher/localized.svg)](https://crowdin.com/project/mihoyo-mixed-launcher)

# Other Notes
- `electron-store` items backup:
  - `targetVersion` The seemingly "current" version taking `ignore current version` into account
  - `mainBgPath` The main page background image in `base64` format
  - `gsLauncherPath` The directory of the official Genshin Impact launcher
  - `gsGamePath` The path of the Genshin Impact game executable
  - `genshinUpd` Whether Genshin Impact is updated in the current version
  - `genshinInfo` Genshin Impact player info
  - `genshinConstels` JSON object containing Constellations bonuses of Genshin Impact
  - `srLauncherPath`
  - `srGameInfo`
  - `starRailUpd`
  - `starRailInfo`
  - `hi3LauncherPath`
  - `hi3GamePath`
  - `honkai3Upd`

Commit message:

doc: fix typo, add network proxy notes

README.md, after:

[简体中文文档](https://github.com/HoraceHuang-ui/MiHOYO-MiXED-Launcher/edit/main/README_CN.md)
# miHoYo miXED Launcher
By HoraceHyy
> Launch HoYoVERSE games in one place and analyze in-game player informations.

# Features
- [x] Launch `Genshin Impact`, `Honkai: Star Rail` and `Honkai Impact 3rd` in one place.
- [ ] `Zenless Zone Zero` to be supported.
- [x] Manually import customized game directories.
- [x] Multi-language support.
- [x] Analyze detailed player info for `Genshin Impact` and `Honkai: Star Rail` in a special card layout.
- [x] Keeps all UI elements of official launchers.
- [x] Automatically calculate and remind major game updates.

# Screenshots
<details>
  <summary>Click to expand</summary>
  
  - App main page, background image customizable (Pixiv @anna_drw01)

    <img width="500" src="https://github.com/HoraceHuang-ui/MiHOYO-MiXED-Launcher/assets/67905897/1a5f4c7e-47ca-4416-9839-09680da8f0e0"/>

  <p></p>

  - Genshin Impact launcher page

    <img width="500" src="https://github.com/HoraceHuang-ui/MiHOYO-MiXED-Launcher/assets/67905897/4bdffcb6-2f86-4302-b6df-d5152bc27a69"/>

  <p></p>

  - Genshin Impact player info
    
    <img width="500" src="https://github.com/HoraceHuang-ui/MiHOYO-MiXED-Launcher/assets/67905897/de6aefee-0e61-4e49-ab83-ca5468f0c300"/>

<p></p>

  - Honkai: Star Rail launcher page
    
    <img width="500" src="https://github.com/HoraceHuang-ui/MiHOYO-MiXED-Launcher/assets/67905897/439881fa-4a07-44fa-be28-c55d70fd8931"/>

<p></p>

  - Honkai: Star Rail player info
    
    <img width="500" src="https://github.com/HoraceHuang-ui/MiHOYO-MiXED-Launcher/assets/67905897/c7923cc0-7b8f-4b4f-aa5b-ec557a28acc0"/>

</details>

# Notes
- This app uses GitHub URLs to check its updates and resources for Star Rail player info. If you are from mainland China, a proxy is needed.

# Development
## Dependencies
```
pnpm i
```
## Debug
```
pnpm dev
```
## Build
```
pnpm build
```
## Notes
- This app checks updates via GitHub API, which will be automatically expired once it is uploaded publically in GitHub. Therefore, during development, please create a token yourself and place it in `Octokit.auth` inside `electron/main/index.ts`.
```ts
  const { Octokit } = require("@octokit/core")
  const octokit = new Octokit({
    auth: "<YOUR TOKEN HERE>"
  })
```
# Credits
- [electron-vite/electron-vite-vue](https://github.com/electron-vite/electron-vite-vue)
- [enkanetwork.js](https://github.com/Jelosus2/enkanetwork.js)
- [Mar-7th/MiHoMo API](https://march7th.xiaohei.moe/zh/resource/mihomo_api.html) | [Mar-7th/StarRailRes](https://github.com/Mar-7th/StarRailRes)

# Translation
- **English** @HoraceHuang-ui
- **简体中文** @HoraceHuang-ui
- **繁體中文** @HoraceHuang-ui *(Needs revision)*
  
Click the badge below to help translate miXeD to your language:

[![Crowdin](https://badges.crowdin.net/mihoyo-mixed-launcher/localized.svg)](https://crowdin.com/project/mihoyo-mixed-launcher)

# Other Notes
- `electron-store` items backup:
  - `targetVersion` The seemingly "current" version taking `ignore current version` into account
  - `mainBgPath` The main page background image in `base64` format
  - `gsLauncherPath` The directory of the official Genshin Impact launcher
  - `gsGamePath` The path of the Genshin Impact game executable
  - `genshinUpd` Whether Genshin Impact is updated in the current version
  - `genshinInfo` Genshin Impact player info
  - `genshinConstels` JSON object containing Constellations bonuses of Genshin Impact
  - `srLauncherPath`
  - `srGamePath`
  - `starRailUpd`
  - `starRailInfo`
  - `hi3LauncherPath`
  - `hi3GamePath`
  - `honkai3Upd`
